Document the cleanup operator (#609)
astronomer/astro-sdk: docs/concepts.rst

============
Concepts
============

> 

Reviewer: I think we should have a section "Tables" and within it, have an introduction before detailing both table types, something along the lines of:

Tables represent the location and, optionally, the column types of a SQL Database table. They are used in most Astro SDK tasks and decorators.

There are two types of tables:
1. Persistent tables
2. Temporary tables

Author: This is nice, I'll add it.

Author: This is nice, I'll add it.

.. _named_table:

> Named Tables

Reviewer: If a user did something along the lines:
```
table = Table(conn_id="sample_conn_id")
table.temp = False
```
The table would be "unnamed" (the Python SDK would be generating its name), but a persistent table. Therefore, I think it is safer to call it Persistent table as opposed to Named.

Author: I missed this case, will change accordingly.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These are tables that are of some importance to users and will we persist in a database even after a DAG run is finished. You can create these tables by passing in a ``name`` parameter while creating a ``astro.sql.table.Table`` object.

Reviewer: Persistent Table instances will persist after the DAG run and are not affected by the :ref:`aql.cleanup` task. Users can still drop them by using :ref:`aql.drop_table`.

Author: Added both points.

.. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_amazon_s3_postgres_load_and_save.py
   :language: python
   :start-after: [named_table_example_start]
   :end-before: [named_table_example_end]

.. _temp_table:

Temporary Tables
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> These are the tables that only exist while a dag is running and will be deleted from the database post that. There is an assumption that these tables are not considered important to the user and only hold intermediate data. You can create these by not passing the ``name`` parameter while creating a ``astro.sql.table.Table`` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a common pattern to create intermediate tables during a workflow that don't need to be persisted afterwards. To accomplish this, users can use Temporary Tables in conjunction with the :ref:`aql.cleanup` task.

There are two approaches to create temporary tables:
1. Explicit: instantiate a ``astro.sql.table.Table`` using the argument  `temp=True`
2. Implicit: instantiate a ``astro.sql.table.Table`` without giving it a name, and without specifying the `temp` argument

```

Author: Added the changes.
